Jia Yining
You've been walking around downstairs for an hour
Why don't you go upstairs?
I'm used to exercising after get off work.
This is good for the baby.
Ah, no.
I forgot my key
Xiaoxun is looking for someone to open the lock
No, nothing else.
Side your key, thank you, Zhiwei.
Fortunately, no key is needed.
Gave you a copy
Zhiwei Guo Yunting is now following me to the community
If he finds out that I live in the same place as Xiao Xiao
Things are about to be exposed
What to do then?
The room opposite me has never been rented out.
You go to the agency and get the key to the room opposite.
You'll pretend to give me the keys later
Okay, I'll be right over.
Why is your spare key hanging on him?
And this is a good friend of mine.
I trust him a lot
Come on in.
Ningning this house
It's been at least a few months